[ci-skip][Docs][retry] Add description for CTE to querying guide (#52423)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_record_querying.md

Which means "return all customers that have not made any reviews".

> Using Common Table Expressions (CTE)
> -----------------------------

Reviewer: Small nitpick:
```suggestion
Using Common Table Expressions (CTE)
------------------------------------
```

chain other query methods and even refer to the CTE from them (e.g. `from`,
`select`, `joins` or `left_outer_joins`):

```ruby
relation = Book
  .with(reviewed_books: Review.select(:book_id).distinct)
  .left_outer_joins(:reviewed_books)
  .select("books.*, reviewed_books.book_id AS has_reviews")
```

The above should generate:

```sql
WITH "reviewed_books" AS (
  SELECT DISTINCT "reviews"."book_id"
  FROM "reviews"
)
SELECT books.*, reviewed_books.book_id AS has_reviews
FROM "books"
LEFT OUTER JOIN "reviewed_books"
  ON "reviewed_books"."book_id" = "books"."id"
```

You can also define multiple CTEs by passing multiple key-value pairs:

```ruby
Book.with(
  books_with_reviews: Book.where("reviews_count > ?", 0),
  books_in_print: Book.in_print
)
```

Or chaining multiple `with` calls:

```ruby
Book
  .with(books_with_reviews: Book.where("reviews_count > ?", 0))
  .with(books_in_print: Book.in_print)
```

These examples should generate:

```sql
WITH "books_with_reviews" AS (
  SELECT "books".*
  FROM "books"
  WHERE (reviews_count > 0)
),
"books_in_print" AS (
  SELECT "books".*
  FROM "books"
  WHERE "books"."in_print" = ?
)
SELECT "books".*
FROM "books"
```

> It is recommended to pass a query as `ActiveRecord::Relation`.

Reviewer: Could you add an explanation about why it is recommended?
Is it because of composability?

Reviewer 2: I assume he means the warning below about passing non-relation objects which might be susceptible to injection.

Author: @p8 @zzak  The sentence comes from https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/main/activerecord/lib/active_record/relation/query_methods.rb#L472C13-L472C24 , added in https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/37944 .
It seems that the specific reason of the recommendation cannot be found in https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/37944 .
The author of the PR might has an answer.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, the reason is to just not pass untrusted input to avoid an injection attack. Maybe we can include more context there with the warning and join them to one concise thought.

Author: Added the reason for recommendation.

fetch only the first one and ignore the others (see the `LIMIT 1`
statement above).

> ### Using Common Table Expression (CTE)

Reviewer: Currently this adds the section under "Understanding Method Chaining", which isn't related.
It probably deserves it own section, maybe after "Joining Tables"?
```suggestion
## Using Common Table Expressions (CTE)
```

Author: Moved CTE section to after "Joining Tables" section

> The [`with`][] method is a convenient way to access [Common Table Expressions (CTE)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hierarchical_and_recursive_queries_in_SQL#Common_table_expression) `WITH` syntax, which can define named temporary query results that are referable within a single SQL query.

Reviewer: The formatting of the CTE abbreviation/link with the `WITH` syntax is a bit hard to read:
<img width="447" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/516f80bf-635c-44c0-8aed-fd7a90348a54">

Maybe first explain what CTEs are, before explaining the `with` method?
We probably don't need explain the abbreviation twice ("Common Table Expressions (CTE)")? (Maybe it's better to do it here instead of the header?)

Maybe something like:
```suggestion
[Common Table Expressions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hierarchical_and_recursive_queries_in_SQL#Common_table_expression) are named temporary query results that are referable within a single SQL query. The [`with`][] method is a convenient way to access  CTEs `WITH` syntax.
```

Author: Revised the paragraph!
